technical/911report/chapter-1.txt:    At the White House, the video teleconference was conducted from the Situation Room by Richard Clarke, a special assistant to the president long involved in counterterrorism. Logs indicate that it began at 9:25 and included the CIA; the FBI; the departments of State, Justice, and Defense; the FAA; and the White House shelter. The FAA and CIA joined at 9:40. The first topic addressed in the White House video teleconference-at about 9:40-was the physical security of the President, the White House, and federal agencies. Immediately thereafter it was reported that a plane had hit the Pentagon. We found no evidence that video teleconference participants had any prior information that American 77 had been hijacked and was heading directly toward Washington. Indeed, it is not clear to us that the video teleconference was fully under way before 9:37, when the Pentagon was struck.
technical/911report/chapter-10.txt:            In response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                months before 9/11:"It would be a mistake to redefine counterterrorism as a task of
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                alerts, when the nation had relaxed, Clarke held a meeting of his Counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                warning to the CTC. An Intelligence Community Counterterrorism Board had the
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                debate on counterterrorism in the Bush administration before 9/11 had to do with
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                counterterrorism campaign against an enemy of this magnitude would be business
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:            The high price of keeping counterterrorism policy within the restricted circle of the
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                Counterterrorism Security Group and the highest-level principals was nowhere more
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                this agency's role was so central in the government's counterterrorism efforts.
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                linked transparently to counterterrorism objectives. It would then detail the
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                across-the-board funding increases. Proponents of the counterterrorism agenda might
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                if offered a convincing counterterrorism budget strategy. The DCI's management
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                the counterterrorism effort was broken.
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:            After the millennium alert, the government relaxed. Counterterrorism went back to
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                the Counterterrorism Security Group. But the experience showed that the government
technical/911report/chapter-11.txt:                Counterterrorism Security Group did their utmost to sound a loud alarm, its basis
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:            Practically every aspect of U.S.counterterrorism strategy relies on international
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:                    remain front and center in U.S. counterterrorism efforts. The government has
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:                lack of well-developed counterterrorism measures as a part of border security and an
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:                counterterrorism. These weaknesses have been reduced but are far from being
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:                a vital part of counterterrorism strategy. Better technology and training to detect
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:                government counterterrorism community.
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:                rule of law, yet serve equally well as a vital element of counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-12.txt:                the immigration laws as a tool in its counterterrorism effort. Even without the
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    terrorists across the foreign-domestic divide with a National Counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                unifying the many participants in the counterterrorism effort and their
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    each headed by a four-star general, have counterterrorism as a primary mission:
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                critical experts-for example, skilled counterterrorism analysts and linguists-is
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                counterterrorism. It should combine strategic intelligence and joint operational
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    Counterterrorism Center (NCTC), built on the foundation of the existing
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    intelligence resources, including its own NSA counterterrorism experts, to
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    on counterterrorism, specifically including the head of the Counterterrorist
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    Center, the head of the FBI's Counterterrorism Division, the commanders of the
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    State Department's coordinator for counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    Management and Budget in developing the president's counterterrorism budget.
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:            In our first section, we concentrated on counterterrorism, discussing how to combine
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                just at the counterterrorism problem. We reflect on whether the government is
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                Office of Intelligence and the Counterterrorism and Counterintelligence
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                One such problem is counterterrorism. In this case, we believe that the center
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    Counterterrorism Center we have proposed. It would sit there alongside the
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    intelligence agencies to meet any new priority (as counterterrorism was in the
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:            The other reforms we have suggested-for a National Counterterrorism Center and a
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    counterterrorism-is now dysfunctional. Congress should address this problem. We
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                intelligence center, part of the NCTC, that will oversee counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    officials most responsible for current counterterrorism efforts while the threat
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    counterterrorism responsibilities would exacerbate existing information-sharing
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                Counterterrorism investigations in the United States very quickly become
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                Counterterrorism investigations often overlap or are cued by other criminal
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:            Our recommendation to leave counterterrorism intelligence collection in the United
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                in counterterrorism/counterintelligence, cyber crimes, criminal investigations, or
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:            We want to ensure that the Bureau's shift to a preventive counterterrorism posture is
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                found acceptance of the Director's clear message that counterterrorism is now the
technical/911report/chapter-13.1.txt:                    programs-intelligence, counterterrorism and counterintelligence, criminal, and
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:            3 Counterterrorism Evolves
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                James Risen and David Johnston,"Threats and Reponses: Counterterrorism; Qaeda Aide
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                Appropriations Committee, June 18, 2003; FBI report, "Counterterrorism Program Since
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:            17. On Pan Am bombing investigation, see Commission analysis of U.S. counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                Headquarters-Establishment of Counterterrorism Division and Investigative Services
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                Counterterrorism Program: Threat Assessment, Strategic Planning, and Resource
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                assessment, see DOJ Inspector General report, "Review of the FBI's Counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                Counterterrorism Program," Sept.2002, p. 74. For translation resources, see FBI
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                report,"FY 2002 Counterterrorism Division Program Plan Summary," undated, p. 4.
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                report,"The FBI's Counterterrorism Program Since September 2001,"Apr. 14, 2004. The
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:            27. FBI report, "Director's Report on Counterterrorism," Sept. 1, 2001, pp. I-1-I-14.
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                Headquarters-Establishment of Counterterrorism Division and Investigative Services
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                views, see FBI report, Counterterrorism Division, International Terrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                counterterrorism-related reports-whether or not the information was subject to the
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                "Counterterrorism/National SecuNOTES TO CHAPTER 3 475 rity Strategy and Casework
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                2003); CIA Inspector General report, "The Agency's Counterterrorism Effort," Oct.
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:            95. Commission analysis of U.S. counterterrorism strategy from 1968 to 1993.
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:            101. Presidential Decision Directive/NSC-39, "U.S. Policy on Counterterrorism," June
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                counterterrorism that they believed were being underfunded. On the intelligence
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                Intelligence Gaps in Counterterrorism before the Special Oversight Panel on
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                The third, chaired by L. Paul Bremer, the former State Department counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:            Alleged Sudanese offers to cooperate on counterterrorism have been the subject of
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                "carrots" for Sudanese moderates to cooperate on counterterrorism. He also faulted
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                engage and test the Sudanese on counterterrorism. Timothy Carney interview (Dec.4,
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                counterterrorism in early 1996, would conclude that "there is no indication that
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                State Albright, extending an invitation for a U.S. counterterrorism inspection
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:            61. DOD memo, "Towards a More Aggressive Counterterrorism Posture," undated, pp. 1,
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                counterterrorism. See, e.g., CIA memo, Tenet to Berger, Tenet's meeting with Crown
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                had returned from a visit to the UAE, where he had been working on counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.3.txt:                letter, Tenet to President Clinton, "CIA's Counterterrorism Efforts,"Oct. 16, 1999.
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                Counterterrorism Perspective," Jan. 26, 2000; DOS cable, Islamabad 00396,"Inderfurth
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                June 21, 2000. Musharraf agreed to create a counterterrorism working group to
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                non-counterterrorism programs. NSC memo, Kurtz to Berger, "Budget Issues," May 2,
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                Clarke was advising Berger that unfunded counterterrorism requests continued to be
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                counterterrorism activities. Within the Directorate of Intelligence, a group was
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                O'Neill,"Your PC on Counterterrorism on 4 September," Sept. 4, 2001. National
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:            94. PDD-62, May 22, 1998; PDD-39, "U.S. Policy on Counterterrorism," June 21, 1995,
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                however, noticed by the NSC counterterrorism staff, which pointedly asked to be kept
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                counterterrorism chief Hull that while Yemen was not saying so publicly, Yemen was
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:            183. See CIA memo, "History of Funding for CIA Counterterrorism," Aug. 12, 2002. One
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                of Clarke's concerns had been the level of funding for counterterrorism in the new
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                materials, TNT to Rice, counterterrorism briefing for Bush/Cheney transition team,
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                meeting with Rice on the draft Afghanistan counterterrorism finding and the draft
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:            231. On the FBI strategy, see FBI report, Counterterrorism Division,
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                FBI's original counterterrorism budget request in light of the continuing threat. It
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                memo,"Talking Points for the DCI on the Draft Afghanistan Counterterrorism Finding
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:            254. Ibid.; NSC memo, Cressey to Rice, September 4 PC on counterterrorism, Sept. 3,
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:            Bayoumi was once the subject of an FBI counterterrorism investigation, prompted by
technical/911report/chapter-13.4.txt:                have both been the subject of FBI counterterrorism investigations. The
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                than it had ever been previously. On June 30, 2000, NSC counterterrorism staffers
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                classified portions of the briefings that related to counterterrorism. We have been
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                called Dale Watson, the FBI's assistant director for counterterrorism, and asked for
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                Community Counterterrorism Board report,"Intelligence CommunityTerroristThreat
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:             Similarly, the FBI's Counterterrorism Division would remain, as now, the operational
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                The Counterterrorism Division would rely on the FBI's Office of Intelligence to
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:            The State Department's counterterrorism office would be a critical participant in the
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                NCTC's work, taking the lead in directing the execution of the counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                foreign policy mission. The proposed National Counterterrorism Center should offer
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                one-stop shopping to agencies with counterterrorism and homeland security
technical/911report/chapter-13.5.txt:                agencies, like the FBI's Counterterrorism Division. The intelligence side of these
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            COUNTERTERRORISM EVOLVES
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                indictments, prosecutions, and convictions. Counterterrorism and counterintelligence
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                management ranks had little counterterrorism experience. Second, priorities were
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            The strengths that the FBI brought to counterterrorism were nowhere more brilliantly
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                created a Counterterrorism Division that would complement the Counterterrorist
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Center at the CIA and arranged for exchanges of senior FBI and CIA counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism. FBI, Justice, and Office of Management and Budget officials said
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                FBI's counterterrorism resource needs. In addition, Freeh did not impose his views
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                security, including counterterrorism, as its top priority. Dale Watson, who would
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                later become the head of the new Counterterrorism Division, said that after the East
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                not shift human resources accordingly. Although the FBI's counterterrorism budget
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                tripled during the mid-1990s, FBI counterterrorism spending remained fairly constant
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                devoted to drug enforcement as to counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                strategic analytic reports about counterterrorism had been completed. Indeed, the
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterintelligence and counterterrorism, and most subsequent training was received
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                resources to the surveillance and translation needs of counterterrorism agents. It
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            In 1999, the FBI created separate Counterterrorism and Counterintelligence divisions.
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Dale Watson, the first head of the new Counterterrorism Division, recognized the
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                urgent need to increase the FBI's counterterrorism capability. His plan, called
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                "maximum feasible capacity" in counterterrorism by 2005. Field executives told
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                the FBI or CIA for counterterrorism use.
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                greatest potential to develop an expanded role in counterterrorism. However, the INS
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            Midlevel INS employees proposed comprehensive counterterrorism proCOUNTERTERRORISM
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                information relevant to counterterrorism-a proposed system to track foreign student
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism, were to be found in the Treasury Department. Treasury housed the
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism. Very few American colleges or universities offered programs in
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            Early Counterterrorism Efforts In the 1970s and 1980s, terrorism had been tied to
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                needed significant change in order to get maximum effect in counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                years away from being fully ready to play its counterterrorism role.
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            Counterterrorism In the 1960s and 1970s, the State Department managed
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism policy. It was the official channel for communication with the
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism matters within the department and to help integrate U.S. policy
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Department leadership in counterterrorism. President Carter's assertive national
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                status and visibility of counterterrorism coordination by appointing as coordinator
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Department of State in counterterrorism was often cautionary before 9/11. This was a
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                reflection of the reality that counterterrorism priorities nested within broader
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            Counterterrorism The Pentagon first became concerned about terrorism as a result of
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism. By the end of President Clinton's first term, this official had
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                were to have a role in counterterrorism, it would be a traditional military role-to
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                establishment effective use of military power for counterterrorism- limited
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                presidential staff coordinate counterterrorism. After the killing of the marines in
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            Through most of President Reagan's second term, the coordination of counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                cast a cloud over the notion that the White House should guide counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                to coordinate counterterrorism from the White House. On January 25, 1993, Mir Amal
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                coordinating counterterrorism. Before long, he would chair a midlevel interagency
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                committee eventually titled the Counterterrorism Security Group (CSG). We will later
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism. For the CIA, he essentially stopped cutting allocations and
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                supported requests for supplemental funds for counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism. He issued two Presidential Decision Directives, numbers 62 and 63,
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Decision Directive 39; laid out ten program areas for counterterrorism; and
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                the decade before 9/11-including counterterrorism funding-were made in the
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Congress in addressing the questions of counterterrorism strategy and policy,
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                exclusively devoted to counterterrorism, plus the briefings by its terrorist working
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            President Bill Clinton's counterterrorism Presidential Decision Directives in 1995
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism efforts, through Richard Clarke and his interagency
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Counterterrorism Security Group (CSG). Spotlighting new concerns about
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            Clarke's Counterterrorism Security Group reviewed the capture plan for Berger. Noting
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                connected with counterterrorism activities concerning Bin Ladin or the Khobar Towers
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                become a lead agency in driving a national counterterrorism strategy forward, to
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism officials wanted a stronger position; the department's acting
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism coordinator advised Secretary Albright to designate Pakistan as a
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            In October, an NSC counterterrorism official noted that Pakistan's pro-Taliban
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                Albright increased the department's focus on counterterrorism. According to
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                became counterterrorism coordinator. A onetime special forces officer, he had worked
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            In early 1999, the State Department's counterterrorism office proposed a
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            The counterterrorism staff at CIA thought it was gaining a better understanding of
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            U.S. counterterrorism officials also worried about possible domestic attacks. Several
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            Zinni's distinct preference would have been to build up counterterrorism capabilities
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism ally in the Gulf. The lead CIA official in the field, Gary Schroen,
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:            The United Arab Emirates was becoming both a valued counterterrorism ally of the
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                United States and a persistent counterterrorism problem. From 1999 through early
technical/911report/chapter-3.txt:                counterterrorism skills, recruiting more assets, and trying to penetrate al Qaeda's
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Council (NSC) Counterterrorism Coordinator Richard Clarke wrote Berger, "If George's
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Clarke's Counterterrorism Security Group (CSG) to develop plans to deter and disrupt
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                The senior FBI official for counterterrorism, Dale Watson, was a regular member of
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                counterterrorism strategy and come up with a plan for"where we go from here."
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                the State Department's counterterrorism coordinator, Michael Sheehan, met with
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                President's life. Counterterrorism officials also argued that Pakistan had not done
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                funds just to continue their current counterterrorism effort, for they reckoned that
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                us he met with Berger to discuss funding for counterterrorism just two days after
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:            While Clarke strongly favored giving the CIA more money for counterterrorism, he
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Their ability to perform any mission, counterterrorism included, they argued,
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                the counterterrorism effort, Tenet had gone to congressional leaders after the 1998
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                    counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                used to argue that CIA spending on counterterrorism from its baseline budget had
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:            Tenet obtained a modest supplemental appropriation, which funded counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                that it remained underfunded for counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Qaeda's affiliate Egyptian Islamic Jihad. U.S. counterterrorism officials told us
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:            Some of Clarke's fellow counterterrorism officials, such as the State Department's
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:            In late 2000, the CIA and the NSC staff began thinking about the counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                paid particular attention to the question of how counterterrorism policy should be
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Counterterrorism Security Group functioned.
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Clinton administration had said specifically that Clarke's Counterterrorism Security
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                been built to coordinate counterterrorism policy. It was important to sound
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                counterterrorism staff, a decision that she called rare for a new administration.
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                She decided also that Clarke should retain the title of national counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Deputies Committee would slow decisionmaking on counterterrorism.
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                continuity in counterterrorism policy. Clarke and his Counterterrorism Security
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                Counterterrorism Dale Watson remained. Working-level counterterrorism officials at
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                counterterrorism funding for national security agencies, including the CIA and the
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                FBI. This included a 27 percent increase in counterterrorism funding for the
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                with a narrow counterterrorism agenda.
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                larger than the CIA's entire current budget for counterterrorism covert action. It
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                2001.202 In May or June, Clarke asked to be moved from his counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                conflict (SOLIC), the key counterterrorism policy office in the Pentagon-never
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                particular counterterrorism issue that engaged his attention before 9/11, other than
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                summer of 2000. The FBI's assistant director for counterterrorism, Dale Watson, told
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                increase in the FBI's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997. The
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                mention counterterrorism. Longtime FBI Director Louis Freeh left in June 2001, after
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                not increase the funding level for counterterrorism in its pending fiscal year 2002
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                proposal. Pickard appealed for more counterterrorism enhancements, an appeal the
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                counterterrorism efforts past and present. The "real question" before the
technical/911report/chapter-6.txt:                the whole government could support. Meanwhile, another counterterrorism veteran,
technical/911report/chapter-7.txt:                holding extremist beliefs who have been the subject of counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:            As 2001 began, counterterrorism officials were receiving frequent but fragmentary
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:                National Security Council (NSC) counterterrorism coordinator, all received the SEIB,
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:            The interagency Counterterrorism Security Group (CSG) that Clarke chaired discussed
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:                out several more if things went well. On May 24 alone, counterterrorism officials
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:            On July 2, the FBI Counterterrorism Division sent a message to federal agencies and
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:            The head of counterterrorism at the FBI, Dale Watson, said he had many discussions
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:                Counterterrorism Division at FBI headquarters.
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:            The search was assigned to one FBI agent, and it was his very first counterterrorism
technical/911report/chapter-8.txt:                for Counterterrorism Dale Watson was briefed on the Moussaoui case prior to 9/11.
